## Privacy Policy

Really Good Code ltd. built the Fininja Chrome Extension as an Open Source app. This Service is provided by Really Good Code ltd. at no cost and is intended for use as is.

If you choose to use our app (or "Service", herein), then you agree to the policies described in this document. We DO NOT collet any data. We will not use or share your information with anyone, period.

### Information Collection and Use

**tl;dr: None.**

As the core service here is processing salary and compensation-related data, we want to clarify: While the app technically works _with_ this data, it is always done locally, and that sensitive data is never collected or shared with any server, neither ours nor of a third party.

### Log Data & Cookies

No logs, no cookies, sorry. 🍪

### Security

We value the trust you put in us while using this extension, so we took these precautions:

- The extension only asks for permissions for the relevant site(s) so the app may function correctly, never for any and all urls.
- We publish the entire codebase on github for anyone to review, audit and collaborate. See https://github.com/ReallyGood/Fininja
- Our relevant accounts at Github, Google etc. are properly secured to avoid any tampering with the code of this app.
- We don't sell or transfer our apps to the dark side.

### Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

### Children’s Privacy

These Service do not address anyone under the age of 13 (and they should probably be doing other stuff than analyzing salaries, while we're at it). But we don't collect any data anyway, so no harm even if kids do decide to play with this.

### Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2021-06-06

### Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at team+fininja@reallygood.co.il.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
